c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.exe.config
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.exe
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.pdb
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.exe
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.pdb
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.Form1.resources
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Model.dll
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\nafis\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.CategoryForm.resources
C:\Users\Nafis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.CompanyForm.resources
C:\Users\Nafis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.ItemForm.resources
C:\Users\Nafis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.StockInForm.resources
C:\Users\Nafis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.StockOutForm.resources
C:\Users\Nafis\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.SearchAndViewForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.exe.config
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.exe
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.pdb
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.exe
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.pdb
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\BLL.dll
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Model.dll
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\BLL.pdb
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Model.pdb
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.CategoryForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.CompanyForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.ItemForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.SearchAndViewForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.StockInForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.StockOutForm.resources
C:\Users\Sazid\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Arif\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\StockManagementSystem\Stock\bin\Debug\Stock.exe.config
C:\Users\Arif\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.exe
C:\Users\Arif\Downloads\StockManagementSystem\StockManagementSystem\Stock\obj\Debug\Stock.pdb
